# Semiconductor Transport
The Python implementation of the effective mass model, which treats experimental transport properties of semiconductors. This implementation uses the notation of S. Kang and G. J. Snyder _Charge-transport model for conducting polymers_ (2017) and can treat both organic and inorganic semiconductors. When non-polar phonon scattering limits conduction, s=1 (linear).


**Basic assumptions of this model:**
- Carriers involved in conduction (electrons/holes) are described by the Fermi-Dirac distribution function.
- There is a transport edge (a band edge), above which carriers contribute to conduction.
- A powerlaw describes the diffusivity of particles v.s. particle energy (linear for inorganic semiconductors).

# Generating Reports
Summary reports are easily generated by saving data in a structured way. Each instance of experimental data should be labeled by a unique identifier for the sample and the measurement type. The contents of each data file should have temperature (K) in the first column and the property (V/K or S/m) in the second column. Generating reports for a series of samples (same compound with different doping) is as easy as placing a data series in its own directory.

**Example directory structure:** "seebeck" and "conductivity" enforced
* DataSeries
  - sample1_seebeck.csv
  - sample1_conductivity.csv
  - sample2_seebeck.csv
  - sample2_conductivity.csv
  
**Example file structure:** lines with "#" are ignored

    #K , S/m
    300, 1000  
    325, 950  
    350, 925  
    ..., ...
